### Accelerated Mobile Pages (draft)
[AMP](https://github.com/ampproject) (Accelerated mobile pages) is a Google's open-source project. 

There are three different parts of AMP to make the web pages built more effeciently.AMP HTML, AMP JS and Google AMP Cache.

AMP HTML is a lightweight HTML with some restrictions for reliable performance and some extensions for building rich content. Most tags in an AMP HTML page are regular HTML tags, others are replaced with AMP-specific tags. These specific tags make common patterns easy to implement in a performant way.

AMP JS library ensures the fast rendering of AMP HTML pages. That means it implements the specific tags mentioned above and manages resource loading such as images, animations and videos.

Google AMP Cache can be used to serve cached AMP HTML pages (including Js files, images and orther resources). It is a distributed system that delivering the AMP HTML pages to the customer by the nearest node.

According to the article, The bounce rates has dropped 15 per cent and page load times has reduced 60 per cent after using AMP. It's wonderful. But, I think we can't use AMP in China becasue we can't access Google‘s Cache server in China.

### Accelerated Mobile Pages
[AMP](https://github.com/ampproject) is a Google's open-source project. AMP can be used to build web pages more efficiently. AMP has three parts: HTML, JS and Google Cache.
AMP HTML is a lightweight HTML  with some restrictions for reliable performance and some extensions for building enriched content. Most tags in an AMP HTML page are regular HTML tags, others are replaced with AMP-specific tags. These specific tags make common patterns easy to implement for good performance.
THE AMP JS library ensures fast rendering of AMP HTML pages. That means it implements the specific tags mentioned above and manages resource loading such as images, animations and videos.
Google AMP Cache can be used to serve cached AMP HTML pages (including Js files, images and orther resources). It is a distributed system that for delivering AMP HTML pages to the customer by the nearest node.
According to the article, Bounce rates have dropped 15 per cent and page loading times have been reduced by 60 per cent after using AMP. It's wonderful. But, I  don't think we can use AMP in China becasue we can't access Google‘s Cache server.

